Create mstest0035.md (#42005)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/testing/mstest-analyzers/mstest0035.md

|-------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Rule ID**                         | MSTEST0035                                                             |
| **Title**                           | `[DeploymentItem]` can be specified only on test class or test method. |
| **Category**                        | Usage                                                                  |
| **Fix is breaking or non-breaking** | Non-breaking                                                           |
| **Enabled by default**              | Yes                                                                    |
| **Default severity**                | Info                                                                   |
| **Introduced in version**           | 3.6.0                                                                  |

## Cause

This rule raises a diagnostic when `[DeploymentItem]` isn't set on test class or test method.

## Rule description

With using  `[DeploymentItem]`, without putting it on test class or test method itwill be ignored.

## How to fix violations

> `[DeploymentItem]` can be specified only on test class or test method.

Reviewer: I would chnage this message to be more informational, you are not saying how to fix the violation.

```suggestion
Ensure the attribute `[DeploymentItem]` is specified on a test class or a test method, otherwise remove the attribute.
```
